The country of Toria is an average-sized country with a population of 1245862 humans
Bordered between a volcano to the North, fertile grounds to the South, huge mountains to the East and a frozen sea to the West, the country of Toria mainly lives of crafting, jewelcrafting and armorsmithing.
Toria itself is mainly covered in rich woodlands and has a wet climate, which has lead to a fairly centered population, despite the number of people, which means most of them live in metropolises.
The country's landscape is ominous; sapphire lakes, white blossom forests and sapphire lakes are just a sliver of the treasures Toria has to offer, which is why the country is praised among foreigners.
The people of Toria are unsympathetic towards foreigners and tend to welcome them with avoidance. They feel foreigners could thwart the country's well being.
Toria has calm laws and law enforcement, which is expected in their circumstances. The people are anxious due to their unhealthy lives, caused by unfortunate genetics.
This is also reflected in the country's flag, which has a cross on a background in red, dark pink and dark blue. Their coat of arms is a dragontooth with two arrows on either side.
The country of Asharia is a vast country with a population of 10513675 high elves
Bordered between large rock formations to the North, a calm sea to the South, a swampland to the East and a huge ocean to the West, the country of Asharia mainly lives of carpenting, armorsmithing and medicine.

Asharia itself is mainly covered in rainforests and has a rainy climate, which has lead to a packed population, despite the number of people, which means most of them live in settlements.

The country's landscape is quite beautiful; ominous trees, icy, snow covered fields and smelly, overgrown ponds are just a sliver of the bleakness Asharia has to offer, which is why the country is rejected among foreigners.
The people of Asharia are unwelcoming towards foreigners and tend to welcome them with disintrest. They feel foreigners could ruin the country's well being.

Asharia has loose laws and law enforcement, which is to be expected. The people are agitated due to mediocre medicine, caused by remnants of a civil war.

This is also reflected in the country's flag, which has three horizontal stripes and a triangle in light brown, red, light purple and blue. Their coat of arms is a whale with two shields on either side
The country of Lessau is a tiny country with a population of 552019 humans
Bordered between a jungle to the North, a huge lake to the South, large mountains to the East and huge cliffs to the West, the country of Lessau mainly lives of cooking, wine brewing and fishing.

Lessau itself is mainly covered in mountains and has a rainy climate, which has lead to a dispersed population, despite the number of people, which means most of them live in tiny towns.

The country's landscape is quite beautiful; withered flower fields, dangerous mountains and bleak, bare forests are just a sliver of the foulness Lessau has to offer, which is why the country is an avoided destination among foreigners.
The people of Lessau are kindhearted towards foreigners and tend to welcome them with warm beverages. They feel foreigners could help the country's well being.

Lessau has precise laws and law enforcement, which is to be expected. The people are at peace due to long lasting peace, thanks to spiritual influences.

This is also reflected in the country's flag, which has two jaggedly connected parts in light yellow, orange, light pink and pink. Their coat of arms are two arrows on a pentagon
The country of Udor is a little country with a population of 1161401 humans
Bordered between a sea to the North, a wild sea to the South, a wild sea to the East and a mountain range to the West, the country of Udor mainly lives of mining, carpenting and armorsmithing.

Udor itself is mainly covered in tall forests and has a temperate climate, which has lead to a sparsely spread population, despite the number of people, which means most of them live in small outposts.

The country's landscape is delightful; fiercy rock formations, smelly, overgrown ponds and dreary fields are just a sliver of the sterility Udor has to offer, which is why the country is a shunned destination among foreigners.
The people of Udor are kind towards foreigners and tend to welcome them with friendliness. They feel foreigners could bolster the country's well being.

Udor has tough laws and law enforcement, which is normal for their situation. The people are serene due to prosperous trade, thanks to treasures and secrets they found ages ago.

This is also reflected in the country's flag, which has two vertical stripes and a triangle in light orange, purple and silver. Their coat of arms are two daggers on a hexagon
The country of Gorus is a small country with a population of 1149991 humans
Bordered between a canal to the North, a canal to the South, a wild sea to the East and large hills to the West, the country of Gorus mainly lives of hunting, farming and trade.

Gorus itself is mainly covered in tundras and has a calm climate, which has lead to a loosely concentrated population, despite the number of people, which means most of them live in hamlets.

The country's landscape is ominous; scented flowers, emerald forests and gentle hills are just a sliver of the beauty Gorus has to offer, which is why the country is favored among foreigners.
The people of Gorus are supportive towards foreigners and tend to welcome them with hospitality. They feel foreigners could sponsor the country's well being.

Gorus has loose laws and law enforcement, which is to be expected. The people are violent due to a decreasing population, caused by unfortunate natural properties.

This is also reflected in the country's flag, which has two diagonally divided parts in pink, purple and light orange. Their coat of arms is a twig with two smaller spiritual symbols on either side
The country of Lessau is a huge country with a population of 10350728 orcs
Bordered between large hills to the North, hills to the South, a jungle to the East and huge mountains to the West, the country of Lessau mainly lives of armorsmithing, fletching and herbalism.

Lessau itself is mainly covered in caves and has a polar climate, which has lead to a scattered population, despite the number of people, which means most of them live in outposts.

The country's landscape is gloomy; cascading rivers, imposing fjords and dramatic rock formations are just a sliver of the allure Lessau has to offer, which is why the country is treasured among foreigners.
The people of Lessau are courteous towards foreigners and tend to welcome them with open arms. They feel foreigners could subsidize the country's well being.

Lessau has flexible laws and law enforcement, which is to be expected. The people are friendly due to great neighborly relations, thanks to fortunate natural elements.

This is also reflected in the country's flag, which has an outlined cross dividing a background in 4 triangular parts in gold, yellow, pink and dark purple. Their coat of arms are angel wings surrounded by sun rays
The country of Emain is a humble country with a population of 116017 orcs
Bordered between woodlands to the North, desertland to the South, huge cliffs to the East and a wild river to the West, the country of Emain mainly lives of baking, animal breeding and farming.

Emain itself is mainly covered in hills and has a hot climate, which has lead to a loosely concentrated population, despite the number of people, which means most of them live in towns.

The country's landscape is quite pleasant; silent mountains, chaotic, overgrown fields and somber architecture are just a sliver of the roughness Emain has to offer, which is why the country is evaded among foreigners.
The people of Emain are alienating towards foreigners and tend to welcome them with coldness. They feel foreigners could restrict the country's well being.

Emain has firm laws and law enforcement, which is predictable. The people are unsatisfied due to impending wars, caused by an ancient curse.

This is also reflected in the country's flag, which has an outlined cross dividing a background in 4 square parts in light brown, dark purple, dark grey, dark silver and dark red. Their coat of arms is a skull above a lake

